README.md, before:

# liri-node-app
##Language Interpretation and Recognition Interface
**LIRI is similar to SIRI**

liri-node-app is a command line nodejs application that uses 3 different API's to output information about concerts, music on spotify, and movie info from OMDB.

Liri.js can take in the following commands:
1. node liri.js concert-this add-artist/band-name-here :musical_keyboard:

  ![terminal image of concert-this](./images/two.png)

2. node liri.js spotify-this-song add-song-name-in-quotes :notes:

  ![terminal image of spotify-this-song](./images/one.png)

3. node liri.js movie-this add-movie-name-in-quotes :clapper:

  ![terminal image of movie-this](./images/three.png)

4. node liri.js do-what-it-says :interrobang:
   1. Using the fs Node package, LIRI will take the text inside of random.txt and then use it to call one of LIRI's commands.
   2. It should run spotify-this-song for "I Want it That Way," as follows the text in random.txt.

  ![terminal image of do-what-it-says](./images/four.png)

By: Michelle Mendieta

Commit message:

run npm install line in readme

README.md, after:

# liri-node-app
## Language Interpretation and Recognition Interface
**LIRI is similar to SIRI**

liri-node-app is a command line nodejs application that uses 3 different API's to output information about concerts, music on spotify, and movie info from OMDB.

Run the command line in your terminal or bash: npm install

Liri.js can take in the following commands:
1. node liri.js concert-this add-artist/band-name-here :musical_keyboard:

  ![terminal image of concert-this](./images/two.png)

2. node liri.js spotify-this-song add-song-name-in-quotes :notes:

  ![terminal image of spotify-this-song](./images/one.png)

3. node liri.js movie-this add-movie-name-in-quotes :clapper:

  ![terminal image of movie-this](./images/three.png)

4. node liri.js do-what-it-says :interrobang:
   1. Using the fs Node package, LIRI will take the text inside of random.txt and then use it to call one of LIRI's commands.
   2. It should run spotify-this-song for "I Want it That Way," as follows the text in random.txt.

  ![terminal image of do-what-it-says](./images/four.png)

By: Michelle Mendieta
